Document processing complete.
Text: 
After Recording Return To:
[Space Above This Line For Recording Data]
DEED OF TRUST
DEFINITIONS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in
Sections 3, 11, 13, 18, 20 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document
are also provided in Section 16.
(A) "Security Instrument” means this document, which is dated
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrower" is
Borrower is
the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "Lender" is
Lender is a
organized and existing under the laws of
Lender's address is
Lender is the beneficiary under this Security Instrument.
(D) "Trustee" is
(E) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated
The Note states that Borrower owes Lender
Dollars (U.S. $
) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in
regular Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than
(F) "Property" means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights in
the Property."
(G) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late
charges due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. The
following Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as applicable]:
☐ Adjustable Rate Rider
Balloon Rider
1-4 Family Rider
On
Condominium Rider
Planned Unit Development Rider
Biweekly Payment Rider
Second Home Rider
Other(s) [specify]
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3021
1/01 (page 1 of 16 pages)
(I) "Applicable Law” means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable
final, non-appealable judicial opinions.
(J) "Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments” means all dues, fees, assessments
and other charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association,
homeowners association or similar organization.
(K) "Electronic Funds Transfer” means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated
by check, draft, or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic terminal,
telephonic instrument, computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial
institution to debit or credit an account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, point-of-sale
transfers, automated teller machine transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and
automated clearinghouse transfers.
(L) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3.
(M) "Miscellaneous Proceeds” means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or
proceeds paid by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described
in Section 5) for: (i) damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of
all or any part of the Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations
of, or omissions as to, the value and/or condition of the Property.
(N) "Mortgage Insurance” means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or
default on, the Loan.
(O) "Periodic Payment” means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest
under the Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument.
(P) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. §2601 et seq.) and its
implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500), as they might be amended from time
to time, or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter.
As used in this Security Instrument, “RESPA” refers to all requirements and restrictions that are
imposed in regard to a “federally related mortgage loan” even if the Loan does not qualify as a
"federally related mortgage loan” under RESPA.
(Q) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property,
whether or not that party has assumed Borrower's obligations under the Note and/or this Security
Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals,
extensions and modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower's covenants and
agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3021
1/01 (page 2 of 16 pages)
grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located
in the
of
[Type of Recording Jurisdiction]
[Name of Recording Jurisdiction]
which currently has the address of
, Maryland
[Street]
("Property Address"):
[Zip Code]
[City]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and
additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this
Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed
and has the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for
encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property
against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-
uniform covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument
covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late
Charges. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the
Note and any prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay
funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under the Note and this Security
Instrument shall be made in U.S. currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by
Lender as payment under the Note or this Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender
may require that any or all subsequent payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument be
made in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c)
certified check, bank check, treasurer's check or cashier's check, provided any such check is
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3021
1/01 (page 3 of 16 pages)
drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity;
or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the
Note or at such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice
provisions in Section 15. Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or
partial payments are insufficient to bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or
partial payment insufficient to bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or
prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or partial payments in the future, but Lender is not
obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are accepted. If each Periodic Payment
is applied as of its scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender
may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If
Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds or
return them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the outstanding
principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which
Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making
payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument or performing the covenants and
agreements secured by this Security Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2,
all payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority:
(a) interest due under the Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3.
Such payments shall be applied to each Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any
remaining amounts shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this
Security Instrument, and then to reduce the principal balance of the Note.
If Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which
includes a sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the
delinquent payment and the late charge. If more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding, Lender
may apply any payment received from Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and
to the extent that, each payment can be paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists after the
payment is applied to the full payment of one or more Periodic Payments, such excess may be
applied to any late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall be applied first to any prepayment
charges and then as described in the Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due
under the Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic
Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments
are due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the “Funds”) to provide for payment of
amounts due for: (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this
Security Instrument as a lien or encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground
rents on the Property, if any; (c) premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under
Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums, if any, or any sums payable by Borrower to
Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage Insurance premiums in accordance with the provisions of
Section 10. These items are called "Escrow Items." At origination or at any time during the term of
the Loan, Lender may require that Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any,
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3021
1/01 (page 4 of 16 pages)
be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow Item. Borrower
shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section. Borrower shall
pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrower's obligation to pay the
Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower's obligation to pay to Lender Funds
for any or all Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of
such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow
Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish
to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require.
Borrower's obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be
deemed to be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase
"covenant and agreement” is used in Section 9. If Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items
directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount due for an Escrow Item, Lender
may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated
under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all
Escrow Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 15 and, upon such
revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required
under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender
to apply the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a
lender can require under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of
current data and reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in
accordance with Applicable Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured)
or in any Federal Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later
than the time specified under RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying
the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless Lender
pays Borrower interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge.
Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds,
Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and
Lender can agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. Lender shall give to
Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as required by RESPA.
If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account
to Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in
escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and
Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with
RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow,
as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall
pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no
more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly
refund to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3021
1/01 (page 5 of 16 pages)


Form data detected:

Page Number:1
Biweekly Payment Rider
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 1.0, (Value) 1.0)

Other(s) [specify]
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 1.0, (Value) 1.0)

Condominium Rider
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 1.0, (Value) 1.0)

Adjustable Rate Rider
☐   (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.9999, (Value) 0.9999)

1-4 Family Rider
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.9999, (Value) 0.9999)

Planned Unit Development Rider
On
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.9999, (Value) 0.9999)

Balloon Rider
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.9999, (Value) 0.9999)

Second Home Rider
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.9999, (Value) 0.9999)

Page Number:2
MARYLAND--Single Family--Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.1187, (Value) 0.1187)

Page Number:3
[Name of Recording Jurisdiction]
of sale, the following described property located
  (Confidence Scores: (Name) 0.6655, (Value) 0.6655)

Page Number:4
Page Number:5
